Welcome to simply sex.
Today's theme is very enthralling to
seduction and besides being very enthralling
this subject can also be very
problematic because many people
men and women suffer from some
difficulty of approach and how it would
this is when the person feels insecure
to approach a man or a woman
woman and there is a kind of blockage
by the high level of anxiety of the moment
or even by the lack of seduction techniques
and to address this issue we receive in
our studio directly from argentina
paola, who is the founder of
first sex school
in the first question I have to
to do in this case is anyone who
if you propose you can learn to seduce
of course you can learn to take the
best of you
the art of seduction is not a series of
an assumption 2 plus one is three
we try to teach people to
identify the best of you and show
this to the other in the best way and
by the way we watch now one
colombia testimony about a woman
that made seduction a way of living
My name is necessary, I'm 25 years old.
I work at nine months. I dance.
not even if I reduce dancing and he
Have fun with me
if they want a dance I dance to
they
Maybe I've always really liked it.
dance and always you from all this
sensuality
I'm very satisfied because I know that
They are looking at me.
men really like to fantasize and
I love the different clothes we wear
they love our fantasies of
sailor nurse police officer is
angel devil's maid they stay
crazy in nurse clothes
this is my favorite fantasy is de
Water
matches my personality knows
I do not look well dressed as an angel where
we are the stage we have a lot of power
power over men we can say the
we want them to know that effects
Very true, it 's cool.
women hurt us how to
please your husbands how to improve your
relationship and position with problems
they are of advice
This has helped me to be more sensual.
with my boyfriend
since I do not know him as the
past but hoquist when I entered
by the door of the club and I become another
woman when I'm someone else
my attitude totally changes
outside I am really from what we saw
In this testimony we realize that the
seduction is really an art that we can
learn that not everyone is born with
this ability or do not always have the
resourcefulness for this
paula I would like to know since
we have just seen the dance linked to seduction
and sexiness in your sex school
there are also sensual dance classes I
I am teaching except if also what the
people call the dance at the table until
kind of like dance